# *microfe*
*(microfe - short for micro frontends)*
A naive infrastructure/metaframework implementation for micro frontends. This project intends to provide necessary tooling to achieve independent apps loaded separately and run on different parts on single web page in complete isolaton.
For detailed information on the topic can be found [micro-frontends.org](https://micro-frontends.org/)
## Motivation
When developing micro services there are lots of tools and libraries to help developers to focus the effort on the things needs to be done instead of fighting against monolithic monster. For now, "micro frontends" idea is still premature and it needs time to grow somethig easy to use. My intention is to contribute to this discussion and also provide necessary tooling and a sample architecture for developers who would like to give it a try. Providing an easy to use infrastructure for individuals and companies can be considered as ultimate goal.
## Who will/may/can use *microfe*?
Ideally *microfe* is not suitable for small teams and for them trying to use it would not be necessary. For this kind of teams refactoing their monolitich fe apps would be more productive instead of using *microfe* to devide a relatively big app into smaller piecies and trying to maintain each piece. If the project contains at least two independent team which are responsible from same monolithic app then *microfe* can be beneficial. Because *microfe* gives the opportunity of working on undependent tech stack by each team. It can provide isolation and managed communication channels to micro apps.